Questions for EPIONCHO IBM client:

1)
treat.prob is defined as an integer (65), but is handled as a probability in the code (see function os.cov)
This is further evidenced by the 'other' epioncho github repo, which uses 0.75 where 65 has been used
It is also unclear how:
`covrg <- covrg / (1 - nc.age)` in os.cov ought be calculated, as a value over 1 is mathematically possible. This would be inappropriate for a probability, which is what it appears to be used as.

This has been implemented by our interpretation.

2)
The number of iterations in the main 'while' loop is in days. Coming to ~14,640 total iterations with the current values.
This might be ok, but many yearly calculations - such as yearly exposure to blackflies (see use of s.a.exp with yearly variable m.exp = 1.08 - the male yearly exposure rate) - use variables which are explicity for yearly resolution. To apply these every day appears to be explicitly incorrect usage.

3)
What is the source / meaning of the value '0.03' assigned to int.L1/2/3 on line 492?

4)
Why is the vector dh, created using m, beta, dh, expos, and L3 then again multiplied by each of these in Wplus1.rate?
delta.h Line 177
Wplus1.rate Line: 230

5)
pnc = 0.05 is ambiguous. There is no mention of the value or of the symbol anywhere in the document.
Appears to be used regarding individual compliance.
L 824 ep.equi.sium

pncomp appears to be unused in os.cov
L 16 in os.cov

6)
What is 'm' in the delta.h functions? defined as `ABR * ((1/104) / 0.63)`
We define it as annual transmission potential (ATP), but the R implementation does not align with the paper's definition of ATP

7) Please clarify:
int.mf = 0 - this value never changes, and appears to just set values of matrices to 0
sigma.L0 = 52 - it is unclear where this value comes from, or what it means using the docs and the R file and context

delta.hz, delta.hinf, c.h - where do these values come from? They dont appear to exist in the docs, and it is unclear how they are calculated or whether they are intended to be parameters.

is the minimum treatable age alwasy the same as the minimum skinsnip age? are these related, are they both always 5, is it preferable to have these as two seperate variables in case they differ?

calculation of int.L3 is taken by the mean across all rows, which appears to be inteded as the mean number of L3 larvae per blackfly. No number of blackflies exists, so this is an average per capita (of people). The meaning of this is uncertain. This also applies to int.L2 and int.L1

delta.vo = 0.0166 - unclear what this is or where it comes from
c.v = 0.0205 - as above

8) Compliant percentage:
Do you wish this to be calculated as a chance (5% chance any given person is non-compliant), or would you like to just randomly assign 5% of the total population as non-compliant?